[CART RATTLES SOFTLY]
[♪♪♪]
Oh, come on,
you.
Can I give you a hand?
If I needed a hand,
I'd ask for it,
thank you
very much.
[ANNOUNCER SPEAKING
INDISTINCTLY OVER PA]
There you go, miss.
Thanks.
Marion. How's it going?
Ah, could be worse.
Brain's still working.
[CHUCKLES]
Is it a pastrami day?
Yeah.
Uh, one and a quarter pounds.
You got it.
Not a pound and a half.
You overshot last time.
Oh, sorry about that.
What do we have here?
Extra-sharp
Wisconsin cheddar.
Extra-sharp, huh?
Ooh.
You can keep it, Wisconsin.
Ugh.
[MOTOR REVVING]
It wasn't like this
when I came before.
Need some help?
I'm fine.
You sure you don't
want a push?
I'm sure!
What happened to poor Nippy?
[GROANS]
It was my fault.
[SIGHS]
I was driving
with the windows open,
you know,
before all this hit.
I don't know,
something got into him.
Maybe he saw a cat or something,
but he jumped.
Oh, no.
I pulled right over.
I'm screaming my head off,
"Nippy!" But he was gone.
Oh, that's terrible.
I hope you find him.
If you could keep an eye out?
Yeah, I will. Sure.
I live right over here on
Clementine. This is my route.
When I can get this thing
going.
[CHUCKLES]
Maybe just a little push.
[♪♪♪]
Well, if you're sure
you don't mind.
Eh, happy to help.
[SIGHS]
Okay, throw it in neutral.
And a-one, two, three.
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
There you go.
Sorry for the trouble.
Back in drive.
Not at all.
Have a nice day.
Yeah. You too.
Hope you find Nippy.
Thank you.
What in the world...?
How you doing, Marion?
Great.
Ah, good.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah.
[♪♪♪]
[TAPES WHINES]
[WHIRRING]
[CLICKS]
[ENGINE DRONING]
GENE:
Okay, okay, okay.
MARION:
Actually, it's my favorite meal
to cook.
And I like it.
And my secret is--
Ma?
MARION:
In the kitchen, Jeffie.
I have a little trick.
GENE:
I bet it's the same we do
in my family.
MARION: An egg.
GENE: I knew it.
And really work it in.
You gotta use your hands.
GENE: You speak my language.
MARION: Do you cook?
Just a few favorites.
Nothing fancy.
MARION:
Simple's best. I mean, why fuss?
Jeffie, this is Mr. Takavic.
GENE:
Oh, please,
Mr. Takavic was my father.
Call me Gene.
MARION:
Don't worry, hon,
he's not an ax murderer.
If he was gonna chop me
to bits,
he'd have done it already,
right, Gene?
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
[SCOFFS]
Well, don't just stand there
like a bump on a log. Join us.
Sometimes he gets a little
nervous around new people.
Ma--
Well, you do.
Now, come on.
Grab a glass and sit down.
Tell him how we met, Gene.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, I was looking for Nippy.
His dog, poor thing.
Well, he ran away.
Gene was putting up posters.
GENE:
Your mom was coming
back from Hansen's.
And my wheels got stuck
in the snow.
Before the whole thing
conked out.
But Gene saved the day.
He even fixed my dumb scooter
with duct tape.
Ah...
To Gene.
Come on.
Yeah.
Mm.
So your mom tells me
you're a cab driver?
Have you ever driven
anyone famous?
Oh, he sure did.
Tell him, Jeffie.
Sammy Hagar.
No! The Red Rocker?
Hey, I love him. Hey.
♪ I can't drive 55 ♪
That's it!
Hey.
What was he like?
Big tipper?
I guess.
[TIMER DINGS]
You stay comfy. I will rescue
this beautiful creation.
Look at that.
Ta-da!
Gene's staying for dinner.
[♪♪♪]
Dude, what the fuck?
I know it's awkward, right?
But you don't have
to call me Dad yet.
I don't know what this is about,
but I pick up the phone,
and it's bye-bye, Saul Goodman.
Yeah, but you haven't picked up
the phone yet, have you?
Or tried to strong-arm me
for cash.
And guess what?
I know why.
Because reward money?
Blackmail?
That's not gonna
tickle your pickle.
I know what you really want.
Oh, yeah? What's that?
You want in the game.
The game? Wh-what game?
The game. The one you've been
watching your entire life.
Got your nose pressed up
against the glass,
peering in
while the big boys play.
Speak English. What the hell
are you talking about?
The game. It's right there.
You can see it,
but you can't touch it.
The cars, the clothes,
the cash, the ladies.
It's about knowing
all the angles, you know,
putting it all on the line
and winning big.
But here you are, Jeffie.
Standing outside
with the suckers.
Trying to pay off that cab,
sweating the bills.
You're getting older.
It's so close, but, damn it,
you just can't get in.
Until now.
I can make it happen.
You?
Saul Goodman.
So here's the deal.
I will show you the game.
And then, we're done.
[♪♪♪]
MAN [ON SCANNER]:
Caller thinks
it's brother-in-law
with history of violence.
WOMAN:
Ten-four.
MAN:
Roger, 1110 and sending backup.
[VOICES CONTINUE INDISTINCTLY
ON POLICE SCANNER]
MAN:
Noise complaint.
Fifty or so teens.
Parents possibly out of town.
Neighbors say
this is not the first time.
MAN 2:
Ten-twenty?
Three seven eight eight two,
Crestview.
WOMAN:
Headed that way.
Missing juvenile.
Caucasian male.
Six foot, two inches,
240 pounds.
Last seen at gas station
on Kerrywood and Western.
MAN:
You got the call?
WOMAN:
Got a hold of mom.
ETA is 20 minutes.
WOMAN:
Ten-twenty-three.
Ten-twenty.
[RADIO CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
[RADIO STOPS]
Good night, ladies.
See you, Gene.
Bye.
[BUFFER WHIRRING]
[SIGHS]
[FOOTSTEPS]
There a problem?
No, I-I just came
to say thanks.
Uh, I'm Gene, from Cinnabon.
Uh, you called the EMTs for me
when I fainted.
Yeah, I remember you.
"Get a lawyer!"
FRANK:
Nick, do I detect Cinnabons?
Yeah.
FRANK:
Well, Christ Almighty,
get him in here.
I'm sorry
about the lawyer thing.
Just slipped out.
It's a free country.
[SIGHS]
Hi. Uh, Gene Takavic.
Uh-- Heh.
Hey, Gene. I'm Frank.
This is Nick.
Yeah. Nick here
did me a solid, so...
[CHUCKLES]
Please, enjoy yourselves.
Well, God bless you.
Well, 9:45. Nick, you wanna
grab yours to-go?
Sure.
He's gotta check the lot.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Uh...
Hey, you wanna take
a load off?
Grab yourself a cup
of coffee if you'd like.
Yeah. Okay.
[CHUCKLES]
Ooh.
I should not be doing this.
[COFFEE POURING]
Hey, do me a favor.
If you were ever
to cross paths
with my wife...
[SHUSHES, CHUCKLES]
Oh, heh. Scout's honor.
Oh, man.
I haven't had
one of these in forever.
Watching my waistline.
Yeah, but every now and then.
No harm, right?
[CHUCKLES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
[SIGHS]
Mm, mm, mm.
So, did you catch
the game last night?
The game.
What the hell is wrong
with those guys?
I can't even talk about it.
Really thought
this was the year.
Yeah, me too.
You know, Texas
wasn't even ranked.
I know.
Play-calling was crazy.
The worst.
Three downs to make
a foot and a half?
How hard can it be?
Well, you can't win
when Martinez plays like that.
[CHUCKLES]
Martinez. What's up with him?
You think something's off?
Maybe.
Hmm.
Next week, Oklahoma State.
The Okies.
Huh?
That's what we called them.
You ever done that drive?
Topeka, Wichita...
Nice.
Well, then, you haven't
done it.
Can't beat Memorial.
Damn straight.
What do you love most?
Well, that's tough.
Think he'll come through
on his home turf?
Yeah.
No way. With that thumb?
Thumb's a dealbreaker.
I'll tell you something.
The Cougar helmet
was the thumb breaker.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Oh, mm, mm, mm.
Delicious.
Well, I should probably
be heading back.
Well, thanks again.
Oh, it's the least I could do.
Have a good one.
Come back anytime.
[EXHALES]
[♪♪♪]
Have a good night, Gene.
Good night, Krista.
Good night.
Hey, Frank.
Gene, Gene,
the Cinnabon machine.
I could smell you
coming up the hallway.
Oh, I get that all the time.
Here you go, guys.
Hey, can I...
Don't even ask. Grab a coffee.
That was one hell
of a game, huh?
What were you thinking
at halftime?
Well, I was thinking,
"Hey, this could be a long one."
And I tell you, know who
I'm not bitching about today?
Pelini.
I'm not.
That's-- Yeah.
The coach.
You know me.
I go at him
when things are bad,
but when he does good,
I'm all about it.
[♪♪♪]
Good night, Gene.
Good night.
[CHUCKLES]
They got him in there
for a reason.
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]
[DOOR BUZZES]
[CHUCKLING]
Gentlemen!
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
I still got it.
Mm, mm, mm, mm-mm-mm.
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Can I help you, sir?
Oh, yeah. No, thanks.
I'm just browsing.
Okay. Yeah.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Four, five, six,
seven, eight, nine.
Fourteen...
Fifteen, 17, 18.
Six, seven, eight, nine, 10.
Two...
Eleven, 12, 13, 14, 15.
All right,
and 17 feet right here.
[WHISTLES]
Ribbon it off. Come on.
All the way, guys.
Okay. Check, check, one, two.
One, two.
All right, let's move.
Starting position.
Right down there.
All right, we ready?
And grab your bag! And go!
That's it! Move! Move!
Go, go, go! One!
Armani suits and run!
Two! Air Jordan shoes
for you.
Three! Linen shirts for free!
Four! Cashmere sweaters
out the door.
Five! Patagonias to survive!
Six! Swanky sweatsuits
in the mix! Halt!
What--?
Too many.
You gotta be precise.
Just three of each.
Why?
And why do I gotta run around
like an asshole?
I already told you.
Three minutes.
Got it? That's our window.
Yeah, but why three minutes?
Because at three minutes,
that's when security sees you
on the cameras,
and the cops haul your ass
to jail.
All right? So let's go.
Wait, there's cameras?
Sure, there's cameras.
They erase the tapes
every 72 hours.
That's why you only take
three of each
and only the pricey stuff.
When the store opens, they won't
even know they were robbed.
By the time they do inventory,
abracadabra!
No more Jeffie on the tape.
All right, so three items,
three minutes.
It's easy.
Let's go.
How many of each?
Three.
Pigs get fat,
hogs get slaughtered.
I don't know.
What don't you know?
It's just this whole thing,
it seems crazy.
Is this too hot for you?
Just say so--
You know what? Screw it.
Crazy? I'll tell you
what's crazy.
50-year-old high school
chemistry teacher
comes into my office.
The guy is so broke,
he can't pay his own mortgage.
One year later,
he's got a pile of cash
as big as a Volkswagen.
That's crazy.
I'll do it.
This sounds good to you?
I think it'll work.
Well, look at you.
You're young.
You're probably
fast on the feet--
I didn't say
I wouldn't do it.
I just had some questions
about, like...
logistics.
Are you in or out?
In.
[SIGHS]
Okay. Back to one.
Check. Test. One, two.
One, two. Okay.
And ready, set, action!
Move, move, move.
Pick up the pace.
Go, go, go.
One, Armani suits and run.
Two, Air Jordan shoes
for you.
Three, linen shirts for free!
Four, cashmere sweaters
out the door.
Five, Patagonias to survive.
Six, swanky sweatsuits
in the mix!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Barbara?
Yes?
Let's ask maintenance
to give this area a polish.
Got it, I'll call now.
Thanks.
Okay, then. Have a good night.
BARBARA: You too.
Excuse me, ma'am?
There's a delivery.
A delivery?
No.
No, no. Stop.
You are not leaving that thing
on my loading dock.
No way.
[CLEARS THROAT]
1412 Cottonwood Drive...
Dock-- Dock D.
Let me see.
Two-stroke engine
sprayer pumps.
This is a department store.
Does it look like
we use sprayer pumps here?
Well, we don't.
[SCOFFS]
I was given
this address, ma'am.
I need to talk
to your supervisor.
Got it. You stay right here.
[PHONE BUZZING]
Dispatch, Steve.
WOMAN:
Yes, this is Kathy Deutsch,
I'm the manager of
a Lancaster's in Omaha.
And you guys
just delivered something
that we did not order.
Really?
Your guy brought a giant wooden
crate onto my loading dock,
seems to be some kind
of spraying system.
The invoice number
is 1968AE35.
Okay, just give me a second
to catch up here.
Sprayer pump. Yeah, I think
I got it. Omaha, right?
Yes, but I run
a department store.
We don't sell
anything like that.
Clearly this is a mistake
you need to fix.
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
My boss is gonna just--
Oh, great.
Ricky's booked solid. Heh.
Ricky?
He's the driver.
Well, Ricky's just gonna have
to put the box back
on the truck.
A little problem with that.
Cargo space.
He's got a pickup
at the airport in an hour.
And it's a messy one too.
It's 900 pounds
of Spanish mackerel.
Okay. I'm sorry
but that's not my problem.
No, I know. It's just-- Wow.
If he's late,
that's gonna stink.
Pun intended. Heh.
Gene?
Everything okay?
Yeah-- Oh, I'm just...
putting out fires,
it's a delivery issue.
Don't worry. I got it.
Okay.
Sorry.
You still there?
Yes.
Look, I don't know
what to tell you
about your fish issue,
it's just I can't have
a huge box just--
I understand.
I mean, we both have
people we have
to answer to, right?
Hey, I've got an idea.
I've got an extra truck.
I can drive over there myself.
Great. How long
till you get here?
Well, I'm just over
in Urbandale,
so if I leave now,
be there in four hours.
Four hours? No.
No, no. It's fine.
I don't mind the drive.
I'll crank the tunes.
It'll be like old times.
I mean, no, I can't
wait around that long.
We're closing
for the night here.
[SIGHS]
Whew!
How's this?
Yeah?
If you promise me that...
Ricky will get back here
by 10 a.m. tomorrow...
I'll hold the box overnight.
You would do that?
Oh, my God-- You're a lifesaver.
What's your name again?
Kathy
Kathy.
Yeah, my guy will be there,
10 a.m. on the dot.
With flowers.
Flowers won't be necessary.
But thanks for the thought.
No.
Thank you.
Good night, ladies.
Night.
Good night, Gene.
[DOOR BUZZES]
Gentlemen.
Hey, Gene.
Heya, Gene.
Better hit it.
Good luck to Lizzie
on that spelling bee.
She's a little nervous.
Nah, she's gonna be great.
Yeah.
Hey, Huskers are back.
[CHUCKLES]
Probably heard me screaming
all the way in Lincoln.
Yeah, I was hoarse.
Oh. And Martinez, oh...
484 yards.
That's a freshman record.
You know what?
I love that kid.
Hey, if he and Kinnie
keep it up,
I think they still
got a shot.
Oh!
Your lips to God's ears.
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
Okay.
Wow. Mm.
Mm, mm, mm.
[CHUCKLES]
Hello, gorgeous.
[PHONE BUZZES]
One. Armani suits and run.
[PANTING]
Armani. Armani. Armani.
Two. Air Jordan shoes for you.
Three. Linen shirts for free.
One. Two. Three.
Four. Cashmere sweaters
out the door.
No. Yes. Yes. Yes.
One. Two. Three. Five.
Patagonias to survive.
FRANK: Six thousand more seats.
GENE: Six thousand more fans.
FRANK:
I don't know.
All those luxury suites?
GENE:
Start saving now.
You see that interview
with Pelini?
The guy's feeling his oats.
He can taste it now...
You think he'll ever
get out of Osborne's shadow?
Osborne. What a career.
Wow.
GENE:
Hall of famer
and a congressman.
Unbelievable.
Seven. Spendy dresses
sent from heaven.
Mm, mm, mm.
'95 team?
[SIGHS]
Wow, what a line up.
I mean, the I-formation...
I'll tell you Pelini could take
a page out of that book.
Nine. Pricey lingerie is mine.
Ten. Calfskin briefcases
for men.
GENE:
Apples and oranges, my friend.
Oh, come on, Osborne had
the great Tommy Frasier.
Frasier. Yes.
GENE: Yeah. Say it with me.
Twelve. Luxury pumps
to unshelve.
GENE:
How about that 44-21 win
against the Buffs?
Be still, my heart.
[CHUCKLES]
Seventy-six yard pass
to Reggie Baul,
and never sacked once.
Wow, you have got
quite a memory.
Yeah, well,
I'll tell you what,
I can remember
every stitch of clothing
I was wearing
during that game,
but ask me what I had for dinner
last night, and...
[WHISTLES]
...clean slate.
Yeah. Tell me about it.
I'll tell you, if you're
not passing the ball,
that's what's gonna happen.
Eighteen. Kate Spade is queen.
Nineteen. Calvin leathers
on the scene.
Twenty. Uggs look funny.
FRANK:
Sure looks pretty,
Huskers red against that green.
It's like Christmas out there.
[COUGHS, SPUTTERS]
You okay?
[GROANS]
Mm-hm.
Wrong pipe.
Okay.
So, you think our guys
are gonna move
to the Big Ten
like they're saying?
Big Ten?
Just chasing the mighty dollar,
if you ask me.
I mean, both powerhouses,
of course.
You know, you got Oklahoma
and Texas over here...
but Michigan,
Ohio State over there...
[STAMMERING]
[SIGHS]
I don't know.
Guess I like tradition.
Mm, mm, mm.
So good. That center.
Mm.
It's just amazing.
Mm-mm-mm.
Wow.
[SOBBING]
Oh, God.
What am I doing?
What?
[EXCLAIMS]
Look at me.
I don't know.
I don't know, I'm...
[SOBBING] Oh, Jesus...
Gene?
GENE:
Oh, God.
You--
You have a wife.
Right, Frank?
Well, yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And she's waiting for you.
Look at me.
I got...
I got no one.
My parents are dead.
Oh...
My brother...
My brother is dead.
I, uh...
I have no wife...
no kids...
no friends.
If I died tonight...
no one would care.
What difference
would it make?
Gene, buddy...
No, I'm sure that you mean
a lot to...
you know, to lots of people.
If I died tonight, my landlord
would pack up my stuff...
It'd take him three hours.
And Cinnabon would just hire
a new manager.
Gene who? Poof.
I'd be gone. I'd be...
[GROANS]
...a ghost.
Less than a ghost.
I'd be...
a shadow.
Just be nothing.
I mean, Frank,
what's the point, Frank?
Wh--?
What's the point?
[GENE GROANING]
[SIGHS]
I'm so sorry. You didn't need
to hear any of that.
No, no, no. That's okay.
No, that is okay.
Everybody has bad days.
You've felt like this?
No, I mean, not me, but...
people.
I-I think a lot of people.
It's just like life's ups
and life's downs.
[CHUCKLES] Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, you're not gonna
tell Nick, are you?
[SCOFFS]
No, of course not.
Well, thanks so much
for listening.
Yeah, no-no problem.
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
[DOOR OPENS, CLOSES]
MAN:
I don't know. I'm thinking
maybe blue or black?
What's the occasion?
My sister's wedding.
Oh, very exciting.
What size are you?
Usually a 38 or a 40.
Do you wanna try both?
Yeah.
Sir, do you need help?
I'm good.
Well, Barbara's right here
if you need anything.
Mm-hm.
Kathy, is this it?
Yes.
Excuse me, ma'am?
Truck's here to pick up
that big box.
Great, thank you.
The guy brought flowers.
Really?
[LAUGHING]
Look.
Ooh-la-la.
Oh, check this out.
Buongiorno, ladies.
How much you think
we can get for them?
JEFF:
I don't know. Maybe 500 each?
But shit, man.
Maybe I just keep them
for myself.
BUDDY:
I've been eyeing
these Jordans.
You guys
enjoying yourselves?
Hold onto that feeling.
Because this is it.
Yeah, we know.
Well, in case you forget,
you transported stolen goods
with a value exceeding $5,000.
The truck you used to do it
was rented in Council Bluffs,
across state lines.
You told us to rent
the truck over there.
Theft from an interstate
shipment, up to 10 years.
Transportation of stolen goods,
another 10 years.
Sale of stolen goods,
10 years.
Conspiracy to commit
a federal crime--
"Conspiracy"? It was your idea.
Yeah. It's called
mutually assured destruction.
So if I go down, you go down.
Man, you don't have
to threaten us.
We're all friends here.
I am not your friend.
And if you get greedy
and you decide
to come back for more,
don't.
Gene Takavic.
You never heard of him.
The Cottonwood Mall,
you don't go there.
You see me coming, you cross
to the other side of the street.
Dude...
Now I need you to say it.
"We're done."
Come on.
Say it.
"We're done."
We're done.
We're-we're done.
MARION:
Gene?
Hey, Gene, I see your car.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[GRUNTS]
Well, that's a start.
Looks like your problem
is the master cylinder.
Look at you boys hard at work.
[SIGHS]
Well, Marion.
Guys, I gotta get going.
I will take another look
next time.
Wait a minute.
You can't go anywhere
looking like that.
Come on inside and wash up.
Ma...
Jeffie, don't vex me.
Come on, Gene.
You can help me
with the groceries,
huh, Gene?
Sounds like a plan.
MARION:
Nice of you to help Jeffie
with his car.
You might not know it,
but my boy's
had some tough times. He, uh--
He fell in with a bad crowd
back in Albuquerque.
Albuquerque, huh?
Never been.
Lucky you.
Things are so much better
for Jeffie here.
Even more so
now that he knows you.
You're a good influence, Gene.
Oh, where's my brain?
I keep forgetting
to ask you about Nippy.
Nippy? Oh, right.
You're not gonna believe this,
but he was with a family
the whole time,
just a few blocks away.
Oh, that's wonderful.
Yeah, he's in great shape.
So, after all that,
a happy ending.
Here you go, ma'am.
Thanks.
And lookie here.
For you, milady.
Thank you.
KRISTA:
Hey, Gene, aren't you
taking lunch?
Huh?
[SIGHS]
Thanks.
[♪♪♪]
[INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE]